hi I'm Mickey sharp and I wanted to show
you guys how to make a green smoothie
today I have a lot of requests and
comments on how do you make a green
smoothie what are the white right
quantities so we're going to go ahead
and make a tropical green smoothie so
what we're going to start with is a
pineapple I've taken the skin off of it
and we're going to just start 1/3 of a
pineapple now there's no right or wrong
to making this movie the goal is you
don't want to be on you too much sugar
too much fruit at once so you can always
add more so start with less add more if
you need it so we will just chop this up
and chuck it in the blender now I'm
going to be using a coconut water
there's no right or wrong coconut water
brand um this is just the one I have in
the house but if you have one you like
definitely use it so we'll open this and
again a coconut water is quite sweet on
its own so as I said I'd start with this
and then add more fruit if you need now
one of the good things to do is always
start with the liquid first so that it
can blend it up and then add in other
fruits and vegetables now I am just
using standard kale curling
dinosaur kale which is the really long
stems but this is already pre shredded
this is what's going to turn our
smoothie green we're just gonna add it
in there and again start with a little
less add more it's all about claim
there's no right or wrong to this now we
have the avocado this is gonna make it
creamy and adds your thoughts that you
need they're going to keep you full and
avocados are just terrific for your skin
your hair your nails pretty much I think
the easiest way is using a spoon and
just scoop it out and voila so we're
gonna use one half of that and then what
I like to do for the limes and lemons is
actually use a juicer you could do it
like that if you're using an actual
juice machine you could just throw it in
but this I find just works pretty well
so I'm gonna do a full lime and that's
going to give it a bit of zing it also
adds a lot of vitamin C so if you're
feeling under the weather this is a
great thing to add to smoothies juices
everything pretty much or in just water
to jazz it up
I call it pimping your water so we have
that we're all good to go we're gonna
put the lid on and see how it goes
and we're done so I'm actually going to
get a nice big wine glass I love putting
smoothies in wine glasses because it
just makes it feel I don't know a bit
more special I'm going to pour this out
and voila we have a green smoothie